README.md, before:

# Daily Programmer Challenge 

This repository contains solutions to some problems posted
on [Daily Programmer Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/)

So far I have targeted only _Easy problems_ posted so far.
Ultimately I want to add solutions to all problems (or as much as I can solve.)

The goal of this code is to solve problem in Java language but,
prioritize first on maintainability and readability and then on performance. 
I have tried to solve problems without use of any external 3rd party library (so far).
You should be able to easily read the solutions to the problem.

If you do find solutions that could be improved (in readability or maintainability)
or in any other way please fell free to raise a PR with your solution.


### Problems solved so far...

- [Yahtzee Upper Section Scoring](src/it/depends/challenge/_2019/_11/_11/yahtzee/YahtzeeScoring.java)
- [Necklace matching Challenge](src/it/depends/challenge/_2020/_03/_09/necklace/NecklaceMatching.java)
- [Caesar cipher](src/it/depends/challenge/_2021/_04/_26/caesar/CaesarCipher.java)

Commit message:

Updated README.md to fix some typos and add credits.

README.md, after:

# Daily Programmer Challenge 

This repository contains solutions to some problems posted
on [Daily Programmer Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/)

So far I have targeted only _Easy problems_ posted on the subreddit.
Ultimately I want to add solutions to all problems (or as much as I can solve.)

The goal of this code is to solve problem in Java language but,
prioritize first on maintainability and readability and then on performance. 
I have tried to solve problems without use of any external 3rd party library (so far).
You should be able to easily read the solutions to the problem.

If you do find solutions that could be improved (in readability or maintainability)
or in any other way please raise a PR with your solution.

### Problems solved so far...

- [Yahtzee Upper Section Scoring](src/it/depends/challenge/_2019/_11/_11/yahtzee/YahtzeeScoring.java)
- [Necklace matching Challenge](src/it/depends/challenge/_2020/_03/_09/necklace/NecklaceMatching.java)
- [Caesar cipher](src/it/depends/challenge/_2021/_04/_26/caesar/CaesarCipher.java)

### Credits

Of course, it goes without saying that but huge thanks to  
[Daily Programmer Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/) community 
for making this possible.
